(DIX groaning)
[DIX] That hurts...
(DIX grunting)
[DIX] Those damned monsters...
and that stupid ass punk.
[DIX] I'll slaughter
every last one of 'em!
(ASTERIUS growling)
[DIX] (grunting) Ah...
[DIX] You want some of me...
[DIX] Wha-
(ASTERIUS intimidating
breathing)
(ASTERIUS growl)
[DIX] Well, what
have we here, huh?
[DIX] Damn you... Damn You!!
(Opening Song, "over and over")
(WIENE screaming)
(BELL heavy breathing)
(WIENE screaming) (straining)
(WELF concerned)
(WIENE struggling)
(WIENE straining)
I dunno what he's doin',
and I don't give a rats' ass.
C'mon, let's wrap this up.
[BELL] Fire Bolt!
(BETE shock)
[BETE] Huh?!
(WIENE labored breathing)
[HERMES, internal] The moment of
truth. If he screws this up...
[HERMES, internal] Bell Cranel
becomes public enemy number one.
(WIENE straining)
[BELL] She...she
belongs to me...
(BELL scared) (determined)
[BELL] This vouivre
right here is mine!
[BELL] So keep your hands off!
(WELF worried)
(LILI concerned)
[HESTIA] Careful Bell...
(WIENE strain) (pain)
(WIENE pain/fleeing)
(BELL gasp)
(WIENE collision)
(heavy breathing) (collisions)
[TIONA] So, uh... How are
we s'pposed to take that?
[AIS] It is an unspoken rule...
Hijacking another adventurer's
target is frowned upon.
[TIONA] Oh! Vouivres are
pretty rare... I getcha!
"Rules," my ass!
That shit don't fly
outside the Dungeon!
[FINN] There's no reason
for us to cater to the
whims of a child.
[FINN] Tail them!
(GLOS roaring)
[TIONE] Armed monsters!
[RIVERIA] So we were
right to assume
that it's indeed in connection
to the incident in Rivira.
[FINN] Ais, I'd like
you to hang back.
[AIS] Huh? Is there
something wrong?
My thumb's acting up... M'kay?
(AIS questioning)
[FINN] Something feels off.
Capture as many
alive as possible!
[BETE] Alive?!
[BETE] Dammit...
What's with all the
kumbaya shit?!
(GLOS pain) (raging)
[BETE] (kick) You
want some more?
(GLOS charge)
[BETE] Shouldn't you be down in
the shadows? This is our turf!
(GLOS pain)
(TIONE running)
(LIDO block) (swing)
(block) (dodge)
(TIONE grunting)
[LIDO, internal] So strong...
[LIDO, internal] Compared
to normal adventurers,
they're leagues above!
[LIDO, internal] But...
I won't let 'em beat me!
(TIONE jump)
(LIDO swing)
[TIONE] You're no ordinary
lizardman, are you.
(RHETT charge)
(punched) (pain)
[TIONA] Well...
Didn't know goblins could
fight like a level 4...
(ALULU kyu kyu!)
(TIONA notice) (giggle)
(ALULU cute-ass flailing)
(ALULU pain)
(HELGA whimper) (woof)
(ALULU weak) (dazed)
[FELS] The situation is
beginning to look grim...
[FELS] Forgive me, Uranus...
[FELS] I have no choice!
(ALL shock)
[TIONE] What's going on?!
[TIONE] Another friend of
theirs?!
[BETE] Who the hell knows!
[FELS] A golem made
purely of adamantite...
[FELS] My secret weapon
in case of an emergency!
[TIONA] Get out the way!
[TIONA] I've been waitin' all
day for this!
(TIONE shock)
[BETE] (shock) Hey!
[TIONA] Here goes...! (impact)
[TIONA] Check it out!
You like that?!
[TIONE] Tiona, you idiot!
[TIONE] Weren't you listening?!
The captain said
to take them alive!
[TIONA] Whoops.
(FELS laughing)
[FELS] We're doomed, Uranus...
[FELS] The Loki Familia are
more fearsome than monsters!
(FELS notice)
(GARETH notice)
[IKELOS] Fair is fair...
I did draw the short straw...
[GARETH] Are you the
one behind this mess?
[GARETH] A god rubbing elbows
with monsters sounds fishy...
[GARETH] No matter. I'm
taking you into custody.
[IKELOS] Huh? (grabbed)
Yeah, sure, whatever,
just go easy on the goods!
(IKELOS screaming)
[FELS] I am in your debt,
Lord Hermes.
[HERMES] Come now... Your
expertise is an invaluable
asset honestly... dear Mage.
[FELS] It's "Fels" now. "Fels
the Fool."
[HERMES] Well then, Fels...
Bell is all alone right now.
[HERMES] Do me a favor
and help him out.
[FELS] But what about the Xenos?
(HERMES happy)
(LILI struggling)
[LILI] No, you can't!
[WELF] C'mon! Let go, Lil Bit!
[WELF] The Xenos won't
survive if we don't
[LILI] We can't do it!
The damage done by Master
Bell is still unclear!
If we try to defend
those monsters...
...the Hestia Familia is over!
(WELF conflicted)
(ASTERIUS howling)
(WELF gasp)
(ALL brace)
(ASTERIUS roaring)
(WELF grunt)
[WELF] A "Howl" skill?
[HESTIA] Haruhime...
Miss Supporter!
(ASTERIUS growling)
(BETE kicked) (tsk!)
[FINN] (gasp) Tione... Look out!
(TIONE dodge)
(charge) (hit) (crash)
[TIONA] Tione!
(ASTERIUS growling)
[AIS] Incredible...
A black minotaur...
[LIDO] Asterius...
(ASTERIUS growl)
[TIONA] That's enough!
(battle noises)
(TIONA yell)
(BETE pain)
(ASTERIUS roaring)
[TIONE] Think you're good, huh?!
Don't get cocky, you big bull
bastard!
[TIONE] I'll make
mincemeat outta you!
(ASTERIUS snarl)
[WELF] Is he enjoying this...?
(ASTERIUS growling)
[WELF] (gasp) Let's
move! (running)
[AIS] His sword...
[AIS] It's magic!
[RIVERIA] "Hear my plea..."
[FINN] Riveria!
[RIVERIA] "Cast forth
a towering wall
of forest light and protect
us... for my name is Alf!"
[RIVERIA] Now, "Via Silheim"!
(ASTERIUS wind up)
(HESTIA groaning)
(coughing) (sigh)
[TIONA] It's.... so
tingly! I'm stuck...!
(ASTERIUS growling)
[FINN] Never mind about
capturing them.
[FINN] Get down there, Ais.
[AIS] Understood.
[AIS] Ready! "Tempest."
[AIS] And "Ariel."
(ASTERIUS pain) (groaning)
[AIS] My turn.
(ASTERIUS swinging)
[MIKOTO] The War
Princess... No way.
It's Ais... Wallenstein...
Do you recognize that
minotaur, Ottarl?
[OTTARL] Isn't that-
[OTTARL] No. It can't be...
There's no way.
(ASTERIUS taking damage)
(ASTERIUS charge)
(AIS grunt)
[RIVERIA] It's enduring much
more than I anticipated...
(FINN concerned)
(AIS land)
(AIS gasp)
[AIS] Gareth...!
[GARETH] Step aside, Ais...
You're putting alotta lives at
risk by fighting while injured.
[GARETH] Tell her... Finn?
[FINN] Indeed. Take all
necessary precautions.
[FINN] Gareth! Box it in!
(ASTERIUS snarl)
(FINN notice)
(BOTH blinded)
[GARETH] Where'd this come from?
It's flooding the street!
[GARETH] Must be a magic item.
(GLOS struggling) (roaring)
[FINN] I miscalculated this.
[FINN] They got
the better of me...
(WIENE growling)
(TOWNSMEN panic)
[BELL] Wiene... Stop!
(WIENE screaming)
[BELL] Wiene! Wait up! I'm here!
[BELL, internal]
What should I do...?!
(WIENE struggling/fleeing)
[BELL, internal] I just
want to help her...!
(WIENE screaming)
(heavy breathing)
[ADVENTURER A] There it is!
[ADVENTURER B] Stop
right there, beast!
(WIENE screaming)
(heavy breathing)
[BELL] Wait, stop!
(WIENE shot) (pain)
(BELL shock) (determined)
[BELL] Fire Bolt!
(ADVENTURERS dodge)
(WIENE pain/struggling)
[ADVENTURER C] Get back here,
Little Rookie!
[ADVENTURER E] The hell's
wrong with him?!
[ADVENTURER F] It's coming!
[BELL] Fire Bolt!
(WIENE screaming)
[BELL] Stop, Wiene!
[BELL] Wiene!
(BELL running)
(WIENE scream)
[BELL] Wiene!!!
[WIENE] B...ell...
(BELL gasp)
(WIENE pain)
[GRAN] I got it...
I took care of that demon.
(GRAN laughing)
[BELL] Wiene!
[ADVENTURER G] The ground's
caving in!
(BELL grunt)
[GRAN] I did it, Dix...
[GRAN] I slayed
the damn creature.
[GRAN] I am the one
who killed it!
(GRAN laughing)
(GLOS roaring)
(BELL struggling) (gasp)
[BELL] Wiene...
(BELL disbelief)
[BELL] Wiene!
(BELL gasp)
[BELL] Wait...
No, you can't die!
[WIENE] Um...Bell...?
(BELL gasp)
[WIENE] I'm sorry... Bell...
[BELL] Don't worry Wiene.
[BELL] It'll all be okay.
(BELL crying)
[BELL] I'm perfectly fine...
(choked up)
[BELL] Please, Wiene...
[WIENE] I have dreams...
[BELL] Huh...?
[WIENE] ...nightmares where no
one ever comes to save me...
[WIENE] it's been haunting...
[WIENE] But you know what?
(BELL gasp)
[WIENE] This time...
[WIENE] ...someone did come...
to save me... You saved me.
(BELL crying)
[WIENE] I'm so happy.
[WIENE] Bell... I love you.
(BELL disbelief) (sobbing)
(Song, "Mayuiro")
[FELS] "O untrodden realm, O
forbidden wall."
[FELS] "On this fateful day, I
reject the laws set forth by the
divine."
[FELS] "Rod of Asclepius,
Bowl of Salus."
[FELS] "O ye who lingers
beyond the furthest reaches
of healing."
[FELS] "I implore you
to bide thy time."
[REI] What is this beam of
light?
[HESTIA] A god sent
back to Heaven...?
No... it's different...
[URANUS] Giving it
a try... eh, Fels?
[FREYA] Magic verging
on divine power...
[LOKI] Makes ya awfully
curious, doesn't it?
It's nothing short
of a miracle...
[FELS] "Unending tears,
a chorus of grief."
[FELS] "The ultimate price
has already been paid."
[FELS] "O path of light, I pray
that you forsake the unyielding
past and shine upon my foolish
desire."
[FELS] "I swear,
I shall not look back."
[FELS] "Dia Orpheus"!
(BELL gasp)
[FELS] My first
successful attempt...
[FELS] Almost eight
hundred years...
[FELS] Oh, how bitter I'd become
towards this worthless magic of
mine...
[FELS] But... it was worth
something after all...
(Ending Song, "Evergreen")
[LIDO] She's alive...
What a relief!
[REI] Wiene... Wiene!
[REI] Mr. Bell..
Thank you so much.
(BELL somber)
[FELS] Bell Cranel...
[FELS] Make no mistake about it:
The Xenos are safe as a result
of your valiant efforts.
[FELS] And that includes Wiene.
[FELS] You have my
sincerest gratitude.
[BELL] I know but...
[FELS] Do you regret
what you have done?
[BELL] It's just that...
The adventurer with the
goggles said something.
[BELL] That guy called
me a hypocrite...
[FELS] These are my
thoughts on the matter:
[FELS] Those who are
vilified as hypocrites...
They are the ones who have
the makings of a hero.
[FELS] Plenty of others
have shared a special connection
with the Xenos
and expressed sympathy
towards their plight.
[FELS] However, not a
single one of them was
willing to put themselves
in harm's way as you
have done in order to
help these creatures.
[FELS] As someone whose flesh
has long since disappeared...
[FELS] As someone who has
nothing to their name except
for bones and regret...
allow me to say this:
[FELS] Be a fool... Bell Cranel.
[FELS] The qualities that
you possess are
extremely foolish...
[FELS] However...
those same qualities are
something truly irreplaceable.
[BELL] Miss Eina...
[EINA] I was told of your
selfish actions jeopardizing
the safety of the city and
its inhabitants.
[EINA] And that you inflicted
harm upon other adventurers.
[EINA] Is this true?
[BELL] It is.
[EINA] Bell! (slap)
(BELL pain) (sad)
[EINA] I don't believe it.
(EINA gasping)
(BELL worried)
[EINA] How could I
possibly believe it...?
[HESTIA] Next time: "Stigma."